---QUESTION---
---TITLE---
Working with Multiple Variable Types

---DESCRIPTION---
In this exercise, you'll practice working with different types of variables in JavaScript.

Your task is to:
- Define an integer variable named `age` with a value of 25
- Define a float variable named `gst` with a value of 0.09
- Define a boolean variable named `isRaining` with a value of false
- Define a string variable named `username` with a value of "Samantha Brown"

This exercise will help you understand:
- How to work with different data types in JavaScript
- How to declare and initialize variables of various types

Remember to leave the `console.log` statements at the end of your code. These are necessary for testing your solution.

---INITIALCODE---
// Your code here


// Do not modify the code below this line
console.log(age);
console.log(gst);
console.log(isRaining);
console.log(username);

---TESTCASES---
[
  { "func": "", "expected": "25\n0.09\nfalse\nSamantha Brown", "type": "console" }
]

---EXPLANATION---
In JavaScript, we can work with various data types. This exercise introduces you to four common types:

1. Integers: Whole numbers, like 25.
2. Floats: Numbers with decimal points, like 0.09.
3. Booleans: True or false values.
4. Strings: Text enclosed in quotes.

Your task is to:
1. Declare and assign values to variables of each type.

This exercise helps you practice:
- Working with different data types
- Declaring and initializing variables

Note: JavaScript doesn't distinguish between integers and floats in the same way some other languages do. Both are of type 'number'.

The `console.log` statements at the end will print the values of your variables, which helps in verifying your solution.

---SOLUTION---
const age = 25;
const gst = 0.09;
const isRaining = false;
const username = "Samantha Brown";

// Do not modify the code below this line
console.log(age);
console.log(gst);
console.log(isRaining);
console.log(username);